docs: vale DITA compliance for installing and multitenancy assemblies (#8323)
Apicurio/apicurio-registry: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/assembly-installing-registry-docker.adoc

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* https://github.com/Apicurio/apicurio-registry[Apicurio Registry source repository]

//INCLUDES

// Metadata created by nebel
// ParentAssemblies: assemblies/getting-started/as_installing-the-registry.adoc

// proc-installing-registry-h2-storage
[id="installing-registry-h2-storage_{context}"]
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
== Installing {registry} with default configuration (embedded H2 database)

[role="_abstract"]
You can install and run {registry} with the default storage configuration from a container image. When you do not configure storage explicitly, the registry uses SQL storage with an embedded H2 database.

NOTE: The default embedded H2 configuration is suitable for development and testing only. The registry stores all data in memory and loses it when you restart the container. For production, configure PostgreSQL or Kafka storage.

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure that you have Docker installed and the Docker daemon is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docker is installed and the Docker daemon is running.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:{attachmentsdir}/registry-rest-api.htm[Apicurio Registry REST API documentation]
* link:https://github.com/Apicurio/apicurio-registry/tree/main/examples[]

// Metadata created by nebel
// ParentAssemblies: assemblies/getting-started/as_installing-the-registry.adoc

// proc-installing-registry-sql-storage
[id="installing-registry-sql-storage_{context}"]
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
== Installing {registry} with SQL database storage

[role="_abstract"]
Install and run {registry} with storage in a PostgreSQL database from a container image. This storage option is suitable for production environments.

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure that you have Docker installed and the Docker daemon is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docker is installed and the Docker daemon is running.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

* Ensure that you can connect to the container repository: https://hub.docker.com/r/apicurio/apicurio-registry.

> * Ensure that you have a PostgreSQL database server installed and running. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EPostgreSQL database server is installed and is running. For example:
```

Author: Applied — used "A PostgreSQL database server is installed and running."

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:{attachmentsdir}/registry-rest-api.htm[Apicurio Registry REST API documentation]
* link:https://github.com/Apicurio/apicurio-registry/tree/main/examples[]
* link:https://www.postgresql.org/docs/12/index.html[PostgreSQL documentation]

// Metadata created by nebel
// ParentAssemblies: assemblies/getting-started/as_installing-the-registry.adoc

// proc-installing-registry-sql-storage-secrets
[id="installing-registry-sql-storage-secrets_{context}"]
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
== Using file-based secrets for database credentials

[role="_abstract"]
Use file-based secrets for database credentials with {registry} when you use Docker Compose.
This approach follows Docker's recommended secret management practices. It is more secure than passing credentials as
environment variables.

Instead of passing credentials and secrets as environment variables (which can be exposed in process lists and container

> inspection), you can use file-based secrets. The registry supports a generic `_FILE` suffix pattern that works with

Reviewer: Is {registry} attribute in use?

Author: Good catch — that was an oversight. Restored the {registry} attribute.

* The registry logs a warning if secret files are world-readable
* If a `_FILE` variable is set but the file does not exist or is not readable, the registry fails to start with a
  clear error message

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://github.com/Apicurio/apicurio-registry/tree/main/distro/docker-compose/pg-secrets[PostgreSQL with file-based secrets example]
* link:https://docs.docker.com/compose/how-tos/use-secrets/[Docker Compose secrets documentation]

// Metadata created by nebel
// ParentAssemblies: assemblies/getting-started/as_installing-the-registry.adoc

// proc-installing-registry-kafka-storage
[id="installing-registry-kafka-storage_{context}"]
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
== Installing {registry} with Apache Kafka storage

[role="_abstract"]
You can install and run {registry} with Kafka storage from a container image. The `kafkasql` storage option uses Kafka as the primary data store. It uses an embedded H2 database as a local SQL store that the registry rebuilds from the Kafka journal on each startup. This storage option is suitable for production environments.

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure that you have Docker installed and the Docker daemon is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docker is installed and the Docker daemon is running.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

* Ensure that you can connect to the container repository: https://hub.docker.com/r/apicurio/apicurio-registry.

> * Ensure that `KAFKA_HOME` is set to the location of your Kafka-based system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `KAFKA_HOME` is set to the location of your Kafka-based system.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

> * Ensure that your Kafka broker is running. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kafka broker is running. For example:
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
